Samsung is restricting the use of so-called generative artificial intelligence tools such 
as ChatGPT for employees after the company discovered such services were being misused.
The South Korean technology giant confirmed to CNBC Tuesday that it is temporarily restricting 
the use of generative AI through the company’s personal computers. Employees of one of Samsung’s 
biggest divisions were informed of the move in a memo at the end of April after there had been 
cases of misuse of the technology. Bloomberg reported on Tuesday that some staff had uploaded 
sensitive code to ChatGPT. ChatGPT is a viral AI chatbot that is trained on huge amounts of data 
and is able to generate response to user queries. It is a form of so-called generative AI. Samsung 
does not have its own generative AI product yet. ChatGPT is developed by U.S. firm OpenAI which is 
backed by Microsoft while other generative AI products include Google’s Bard. Inputting sensitive 
company data into these foreign-owned services could be a concern to companies worried about leaks 
of crucial information. Samsung told employees to take precautions when using ChatGPT and other 
products outside of work and advised workers not to enter any personal or company related information 
into the services. In a Samsung company-wide survey conducted last month, 65% of those who responded 
said there was concern about security risks when using generative AI services. Samsung is not the 
only company restricting use of the technology. U.S. investment bank JPMorgan reportedly restricted 
use of ChatGPT among staff earlier this year. And Amazon this year reportedly warned employees not to 
upload confidential information, including code, to ChatGPT. Companies are assessing ways in which 
generative AI capabilities could be used within their business. ChatGPT can help engineers to generate 
computer code for example, to speed up their tasks. Software developers at Goldman Sachs have been 
using generative AI to help generate code. Despite the latest restrictions, Samsung is looking for 
ways in which generative AI could be used safely to enhance employee productivity and efficiency.