Well restart it off in room 305. The air conditioner vents filthy looks like it’s never been 
clean since it’s been there. The tiles in the bathroom floor beside the shower was broken and 
loose. The shower did not work. The buttons were broken. The knob was not even attached to the 
fucking shower. Then there was hair on the bed, one of the towels out the dirty shit stain. 
toenail clippings on the bed either from the staff. The previous customer complain to manager 
manager at 5:30 set half hour for the maintenance guy after complaining 3 to 4 times leading 
up to 11 o’clock at night, the maintenance guy, Sam looks at the shower, walks out and says 
he can’t fix it go down to complain again man it’s okay it’s even less I go out for a fag to 
calm down. Come back in manager has disappeared at the other entrance. I now speak to the night 
time manager and tell asking for a refund considering the consumer rights act till 20 8:15. 
If there is any faulty applications within the property full refund should be given as the 
property is not fit even satisfactory for anyone to use the night time manager declined 
the refund and stated we do not refund. I presume maybe because they’ve had to refund so 
many other customers since they cannot even tidy a room and make it fit for standard living 
after complaining to night time manager, I told him he needs to move us from what we were told 
is a luxury room. We paid over £100 for one night and he moved us to economical bedroom which 
only had one double bed instead of one double and one single as there was three guest little 
on the air-conditioning, but did not work. The windows were open, but there was no breeze 
coming in. There was no option to have a fan in the room, as the hotel is already aware that 
the air-conditioning has not worked for sometime , even after downgrade in our room, 
refused to refund us the difference and just to cool down at 2 o’clock in the morning we had to 
purchase water which given the circumstances should b free